[Music]
Hey
Oh drop champers you're not this is the
shadow kill the shallow kill pot is a
fantastic piece of gear it's so great
I'm having more fitted into my signature
guitar now shadow have been making
components and pickups for 38 years
that's a hell of a long time these guys
know what they're doing the shallow kill
pot will be available from August Oh
nine and it will retail for about twenty
English pounds now one thing that
concerns me and I'm sure you'll share
this concern was that if you're fitting
a kill switch into a pot surely there's
a problem now if you're going to be
hammering it all day long it's going to
wear down you're going to have a problem
well not so I actually requested this
guitar and popov given to me so I could
hammer this pot for hours and hours and
hours and I assure you it's absolutely
rigid
[Music]
guitarists are familiar with where their
volume and tone knobs are so why put the
kill switch somewhere else if you
already know what the volume one's going
to be you can whack it and get your kill
so it just makes perfect sense to make
the kill switch part of your musicality
part of your creative process in your
writing it's important to have it
accessible where you're familiar with
going and I found that really intuitive
and I first started using something
quite cool about this kill switch other
than the fact that it kills is that it's
got a very slight lock when you bring it
to ten now this is really a lock it's
more of a sort of magnetic pull towards
ten towards infinity so as you roll the
volume in it's got a tiny little click
and it sort of locks it in place but
it's so subtle that you could you can
roll it off with your little finger this
locking feature ensures when you roll
your volume in and start killing it
doesn't roll the volume off by accident
now you've got to realize using a kill
pot is a musical skill you have to
develop it doesn't just happen yes you
can whack into it and do some slidy
stuff and that sounds very cool for the
first five minutes but you want to
develop it as a musical tool so maybe
spend some time when you get one
thinking about how you can incorporate
it into your songwriting process here
are a couple of ideas
[Music]
you
Shamu products are fitted in loads of
prestigious top-end guitars gibson
actually just placed an order for a load
of shadow kill pots lag guitars use them
so it isn't just an affordable guitar
range thing shadow gear is top of the
range I've been using it for ages it's
really good
the kill pot is a 500k pot that can be
fitted to either the volume or the tone
of your guitar why bother fitting a
separate switch for a kill and drilling
a hole of reaching the wire well you can
just have it incorporated into the
volume or tone it just makes perfect
sense I've got one Scioscia G sappers
out